hi everyone welcome to the panel path to
cro my name is Tracy Young and I am the
CEO and co-founder of tiger eye today's
talk aims to equip everyone with
practical advice to navigate their
Journey to the cro role so please join
me in welcoming Erica cro at notion lb
form or Sierra up front currently
president lattice and Jane Kim former
cro at Circle CI
[Applause]
and yes
can we just take a moment also this is
three badass women Executives who have
created meaningful outcomes at their
company and I'm just going to speak for
them I know I don't even know your
stories but I know it was freaking hard
for all three of you guys so let's like
take a moment and celebrate these women
with me thank you
[Applause]
so all of you guys took very different
paths to becoming a cro and you
obviously bring with you a ton of
experience what is the key decision or
event you made that shaped your career
and we'll start with Jane
wow uh
I like to think that there were many
sort of twists and turns along the way
but um one key decision for me actually
was
um so I actually worked in finance
before I transitioned into Tech and when
I was in finance I did the biggest deals
as an individual contributor you know
every deal I did was a year-long
18-month cycle millions of dollars
um but then when I decided to transition
um into technology sales I started
actually as an SMB sales leader
um so never been a manager never did SMB
sales and
um that probably was the most important
decision in terms of giving me
well one the management experience but
two just trying to have a better
appreciation of the different types of
deals the different types of segments
the different types of sales people that
you would work with along that and
getting that level of exposure was
really great
um it was also sort of starting a little
bit at the bottom and working my way up
was also a great learning experience of
how to make that work
um so so that's what I would say what
about uld yeah I might share two
um kind of pivotal moments if you will
so uh the first one occurred when I was
at LinkedIn so I was an account
executive uh back in 2009 so LinkedIn
was a very different company at that
period of time and I'd always imagined
getting into sales leadership and I
thought that that would come in the form
of running like a SMB or mid-market AE
team and I'd sort of work up uh from
there and I was approached uh by the
gentleman uh Brian Frank who ran the
sales operations team at LinkedIn and he
came and tapped me and said hey would
you be interested in building out our
first SDR bdr organization and my first
reaction was like no
um because I imagined jumping into
leadership in sort of a full cycle
capacity and I had just always
understood that to be my path
um and I ended up eventually saying yes
and it was an incredible experience it
allowed me to immediately get into
leadership it allowed me to get my feet
wet managing and coaching folks who were
hungry for coaching and develop men and
probably a slightly safer space than
with more tenured experienced folks it
gave me great exposure to kind of
cross-functional partnership and
operational excellence and I also met my
husband who happened to be my co-manager
and were happily married with two kids
so
um it was a it was a great experience
personally and professionally and then I
would say my second one was making the
decision to leave
a fairly scaled role leading you know
200 plus AES at LinkedIn uh to join a
smaller stage startup and it was sort of
that moment of hey do I wanna continue
to build a career
um with tons of learning and opportunity
at you know at this point it was 2016
and then LinkedIn you know had grown
substantially and stay in a more kind of
structured at scale larger Corporation
environment or do I want to make the bat
jump into a tech startup
um and and kind of take um all all that
that's there and I made the the jump to
becoming VP of sales and success at
intercom and really enhanced my learning
curve tons of virtual experience but
also just a a pivotal move
um and I think one you want to be
decisive of and go in eyes wide open
around
Erica
amazing uh for me I'll share one I would
say the most defining moment on the
journey to where I am today
um was getting the opportunity to make
the leap from I was leading sales
operations at GitHub and I was
approached for the opportunity to make
the transition to Leading the global
sales organization
it was not something I think that was
expected for me or planned and you know
took a beat for me to recognize kind of
the magnitude of the opportunity and
shift the mindset of I had long been an
operator I loved operations I loved
anything with data and numbers and I
thought I was just going to be in
operations my whole career and was
presented with this really unique
opportunity
back five plus years ago which was
rather unique now it's more of a trend I
would say to see operations folks making
a leap into sales leadership and revenue
leadership
um and you know it took a leap of faith
um on my part to invest in kind of new
skill sets learn new areas take over a
team that was pretty established had a
beloved leader and kind of carve my own
path in terms of who am I as a revenue
leader and you know I learned the
greatest lessons in those first couple
of years about myself and you know who I
eventually became now that I'm that
notion as a cro as well so let's double
click in there I mean very different
muscles uh being on the sales Ops side
to being a quota caring sales leader
what was the hardest part about making
that transition
the hardest part was you know just the
mindset like kind of reshifting
developing that empathy for I was so
used to operating in like the science
you know as an operations person
especially sales operations
um I thought very much that like
everything could be solved always with
like process and numbers
um and I think I really had to lean into
being empathetic to there is always art
that exists no matter what and there is
a lot of Art and sales I believe a lot
of it can be data driven and science
oriented but I would say that was you
know one of the critical things I had to
challenge myself with is to develop that
empathy for the art
um I had to get out there and learn what
it meant to be a quota carrier and kind
of prove that I could understand that
since it was unique that I had not you
know grown up in my career with that
experience I leaned on I had a great you
know surrounding set of leaders and
peers that were very helpful and kind of
um helping me make that shift go learn
about what it means to be a quota
carrier and kind of you know leave
behind some of the ideas that I had
around that yeah thank you Jane talk to
us about the importance of mentorship
none of us would be here without help
from others so who is one person that
comes to mind that's helped you along
the way yeah that's a great question I
do believe so much in mentorship I think
absolutely there's no way that I'd like
to be able to stand here in front of all
of you and tell you that I got to where
I am entirely on my own but that
absolutely isn't true but mentorship can
be tough you know especially if you come
from a non-traditional maybe a
non-traditional background or a
underrepresented background
um you know as a korean-american woman
you know starting out in finance and
then you know technology sales about 15
years ago there weren't a lot of people
that looked like me so finding mentors
that I felt really understood my
experience was a little bit tough
um but that's one thing I'd say about I
know I have somebody absolutely talk
about that made a huge impact but I
think one of the key things about
mentorship is that it shouldn't actually
be one person
um I think the best way is to build
mentorship is building a community
network of people that can support you
in different ways right that can help
you support you in the moment that
you're at now or the situation that
you're in or the transition you're
trying to make and getting sort of that
level of perspective is really important
and it kind of takes the pressure off of
that one person that's going to be your
you know your guide through all of this
so you know
um so I'd say mentorship is more about
you know what you're looking for Mentor
in terms of mentorship
um and you know what are the challenges
what are the things types of insights
that can help you and and using that as
your guide to seek you out
um but there is definitely one person I
can think of um she was at the time at
the general counsel of the company I was
at and
um wasn't really necessarily a fit from
uh from the first Viewpoint you think of
it's not like I was trying to climb the
corporate legal path
um but you know she was a woman a gay
woman and from her I learned just how to
be able to you know see the unique
strengths that my personal background
and my personal experiences right coming
from Finance coming more from an
operations perspective you know into a
quota carrying role and how I could
start to gain more confidence and in my
unique background my unique skill set
that it can really bring to the table
and so
um having a mentor that was helping me
sort of find that authentic voice was
um is something that I will always
honestly will always think about
treasure as part of my career
lb you have had the classic sales leader
career path you know you were like
Frontline sales person ran the SDR team
Frontline second line third line cro
um
did you always know you wanted to be
head of sales like this is what you want
to do in life
I think kind of yes I mean so when I was
uh um my parents are both attorneys so
when I was young I wanted to be an
attorney and then briefly in college
thought about the finance path
um but once I got into sales I loved the
competitiveness of it I loved the
ameritocracy element of it
um I loved the Strategic element of it
um the ups and downs so you know for me
there was sort of like a it was a good
early match and I also always knew I
wanted to lead and so
um I think pretty quickly I knew that
that was the path I wanted to take I
will say you know going back to the
concept of mentors I was lucky enough to
have a mentor at LinkedIn
um a gentleman by the name of Mike
gamson who ran you know sales and
success set at LinkedIn and so he and I
were able to meet and and talk through
what that path could look like and some
of the experiences that I'd want to get
along the way and I think that was
immensely helpful
there's folks in this audience who also
want to be the leader what's your advice
for them
so a couple things I wish I had done
more of so as you mentioned I had a
classic path and then I went like I see
into manager and various uh sort of
levels of leadership
I think I could have been more prepared
to be a you know VP of sales or even a
cro and Beyond if I'd actually had a
little bit more intellectual curiosity
outside of my core role so I was always
really focused on you know making sure
that I was a good manager leader set
Vision I held a high bar of performance
wasn't afraid to make the tough calls
made sure the team was rowing the same
direction hit numbers
um always helpful in in sales and
um you know like stepping back
especially at my time at LinkedIn
there's more I could have done I always
worked with with sales Ops closely but I
kind of I could have pulled up Beyond
some of the core capacity modeling to
better understand and get more
financially fluent earlier and that's
something I had to kind of learn on the
job at intercom and then front
um I wish I had partnered even more
closely with pmm and really understood
and been a bigger part of crafting
messaging and positioning
um because in this type of role that's
huge so my advice would be if you do
take a classic path which I'm an
advocate of
um take the time to kind of pull your
head up and around and when you're in a
position that you feel like you're
operating well in take the time to go
out and learn some of the other
components around you because it'll make
you a better holistic leader
McKinsey recently put out a report that
startups today are hiring cros earlier
than before which makes sense because
there's all this pressure for growth so
why not hire the person and make them
responsible for it but this is it's a
hard job as you guys know there's lots
of natural tensions in place which is
why you're suggesting that build
relationships understand other folks's
roles there's just natural tensions I
think with like sales and marketing and
sales and engineering and sales and
product and so this is a question for
all of you guys we'll start with Erica
describe your worst day as cro
worst day yeah
um
I mean often I would say the highs and
lows always have to come for me it's
usually involving like the people the
people on your team
um I definitely have had some bad days
of like wow we're not executing as we
need to and I'm disappointed in myself
um or we're not achieving the we growth
we want but I think often like the worst
day is when people I really care about
you know are either you know leaving the
business or they're struggling or they
don't feel like they have what they need
um is usually like those moments when I
come home and I'm really upset and I'm
talking about it at the dinner table
with my husband
um it's usually about the people and
it's about usually probably someone
leaving the team or someone not feeling
like they can be successful within the
organization is like my worst worst day
heading here Jane what about you
I would absolutely Echo that I think in
this last 12 months at least there's
been a lot more disruption in our
industry than we would like so anytime
that you are you know I think the worst
day absolutely is any day that you have
to face a layoff
um you know making those hard decisions
about the the future of the company
versus just these amazing people that
have invested in the company's success
and where you have invested in their
success and that is always extremely
hard and I've been on both sides of it
I've been on the side where you're
making the hard decisions and I've been
on the side where I was being let go
um and so I think that's really really
tough I think
um you know the ability to make kind of
the tough decisions
um you know even if they may affect
people that you admire that you respect
and that you love
um is always really difficult I think
another tough moment so it's hard to say
which day but tough moment is when you
realize that you've made a mistake that
you've made a decision right sometimes
being a leader means making those tough
calls and saying we're gonna go in this
direction not that where we're gonna go
after that segment not this one we're
going to go into this Market not that
one
um and if those those decisions don't
pay off you know people customers are
all affected by that
um and you know as a leader how do you
get past the oh my God this is the thing
that I did to okay how do we continue to
build the business how do we continue to
keep the ship moving in the right
direction and learn from those mistakes
along the way
lb yeah I would plus one to to Erica and
Jane um but maybe just to add two two
other kind of tough moments uh because
it's hard to isolate to like the worst
day I mean I think I've had some bad
days and I've had some awesome days and
you have to live for the awesome days
um the two kind of categories that to me
create bad days are one
um and I think this is explicit in in
their implicit in this role any time
where you really have a lot of optimism
around the numbers and you just really
feel good about getting to that that
forecast or that plan and then you get
surprised and you have to take down the
number it's just a shitty feeling
um and uh there you know there's great
learnings that come from it and I think
in this type of role if you're working
at early stage Tech startups you tend to
take on ambitious numbers and go for
growth especially across the last decade
so it shouldn't be foreign that you're
not always going to get to that to that
Target but I still think it never feels
great especially in those moments where
it felt like you were headed in a
different direction and then you know
conversion rates take a downturn or you
know whatever circumstances happen
happen and then the second is
um I take pride and love having a really
strong sense of Team particularly within
my direct reports and I've had the
opportunity to work with some of the
folks that are currently on my team in
previous lives and I take that
relationship really seriously and so uh
any time where I feel like there's big
Discord amongst my leadership team
um and I would say like any executive
team I've sat on
um that isn't resolved pretty quickly
those are are crappy days as well that
um like I take home with me if you will
all right let's uh let's sell this role
here a bit for the audience like why why
cro like why would why would you try to
convince This Crew here to go after this
career right like what like how does a
good day look like as a cro or the best
day as a Sierra how does it look like
Erica oh okay but back to the people I
mean there's a lot of like good
celebrating you get to do we were
talking earlier like if your company has
a president's club like recognizing high
performance is like that's amazing right
to celebrate other people
um you know I like even I'll have a
awesome day when it's like a rep is
closed like a really complex hard deal
and there were 40 people at the company
that actually got it over the line and
you get to go like talk about that or
you put it in slack and you call people
and you get on Zoom and I don't know
that just feels that feels great like
you did something really complex across
many many functions like it's never just
one person uh that's getting things done
for customers and I don't know I really
like that when you see you know 40
people that literally make it happen
across 10 functions and you get to like
go celebrate that
um that's a great day
um I also like when you're like setting
strategy for you know the period of time
that you may be
um you know aiming for in the future I
think providing a lot of clarity and
setting a vision and setting some goals
to me like that's really gratifying I
think that's a good day as a cro to
align people put a good goal out there
make it ambitious and you know create
some excitement around what that means
if you accomplish that
yeah Jane what about you best part about
being a cro oh gosh uh you know I talk
about this I sometimes think that being
zero is the most humbling of jobs
because yes you might think that you're
at the top but I carry no number right I
don't own any accounts I don't close any
deals and so my success literally is
predicated on the success of my team
which is actually really clarifying of
what my job is my job is to make sure
that my teams are as successful as they
can and so I absolutely Echo Erica any
opportunity I have to celebrate you know
the great customers that we've supported
the great deals that we've closed and
just the great performance from the team
the best moment absolutely is when
you're on that stage and you're
announcing presidents Club winners and
you see the excitement on their faces
and the thing that always kills me is
they always thank me that you know the
the winners always come up and they
think me afterwards for the honor and
I'm like it's absolutely the opposite
I'm the one thanking you for all of the
amazing work the amazing contributions
the ways that you've elevated the rest
of the team and so this is the the
smallest way that I can think of to to
thank these top performers
um so so yeah those are absolutely the
best moments I'll be your president but
really you still lead sales so like
what's the best part 100
um well so I think nothing beats a great
Global Revenue kickoff
um and I I'll I'll say cro
um anything in Revenue I think is is
incredibly difficult but I would also
not choose any other roll around the
table it's incredibly gratifying and fun
and you just have to be signed up for
the ride
um but a global Revenue kickoff to me is
this magical moment where everyone's in
a room there's so much energy I mean I
think go to market teams are the
heartbeat of of the company especially
energy and kind of Vibes wise and
there's something really cool about
getting folks excited about the year to
come feeling all the potential and
having that moment of alignment and
Clarity on what you're collectively
setting out to achieve for the year
that's incredibly I think like
intoxicating
so let's talk about automation what part
of your job should be automated
um to recreate rephrase this question
this is like a request for startups
question what do you wish someone was
building for you and we'll start with
Jane and go down
oh my gosh number one absolutely is
insights the amount of time and I say
this as somebody who has been deep in
operations in the past but the amount of
times that I spend you know trying to to
get the right set of data the right
reports the right view of what I need
versus the amount of time that we're
actually gleaning the right insights
from that that uh that absolutely should
be
um should be better automated something
that is necessary because you know what
I tell my team all the time like you
know lead an organization I'd let
organizations have 200 300 people but
I'm still only one person I have only
one set of eyes one set of ears and um
there's only so much that I can see for
myself and so I need to be able to rely
on my entire network I need to rely on
the billions of data points that we now
all sit on right you know this is great
in terms of data but also the challenge
and
um and so I can only make the decisions
right that's my job is to make decisions
I can only make the decisions with the
best information that I can possibly
have and so the it puts the imperative
on making sure that we get that I need
the feedback I need to know what's I
need to understand what's happening out
in the field I need to understand
customers sentiment about you know our
product or you know the market that
we're going after and so the ability to
be able to gather that in a way that is
not just Gathering it but gathering in a
way that's insightful I think is so hard
um and absolutely would be something
that would I'm sure give any of us a
major leg up as we you know have to make
those those tough calls
I think the really short answer is I um
in in my role I have really clearly uh
asked my head of Revenue operations to
own the tech stack and think deeply
about places where there's you know um
room for automation or great Synergy so
I'll be honest I don't spend a ton of
time thinking through sort of tech stack
it's not my natural inclination but
having come from uh inner common front
which are both technologies that include
you know automation as part of your
strategy on how you talk to customers
um I believe there's still big
opportunity on whether it's customer
support teams or bdr and SDR teams to
automate some of the
um places where we have intelligent
expensive people answering very
foundational fundamental questions and I
think there's some really good
Technologies out there tackling this but
still room to run
Erica
yeah I mean for me personally similar to
Jane I would say
you know wrangling the data and
understanding what's happening in the
business especially connecting the dots
across you know marketing and sales and
Cs and you know the support organization
I feel like I look at sets of data and I
think there are probably like 10 to 20
questions I probably always ask and I
would love that to get automated out of
my brain into the things that come to me
where instead of looking at you know a
set of data and trying to understand
what's happening it already answers the
next 10 questions that I inevitably ask
because I always feel like you look at
something you're like wow if I could
just understand this piece of it so I'd
like to automate that the 10 to 20
things I always think about and ask and
just have it appear yeah and help me
understand that connected journey across
you know the end to end for what
customers are experiencing and like
where we have the opportunity to
optimize
so I know you guys have seen Glenn Gary
Glenn Ross be interesting to see the age
of this group here yeah okay a lot of
people have seen Glenn Glenn Ross great
so there's a certain stereotype in sales
that I believe can be true but I hope
that it's outdated and wrong so what
impressions sales do you think is just
like totally not correct I'll start with
Jane
oh this was a great one um so I started
my you know I started uh my career you
know many years ago decades ago now and
um you know sales was very very
different
um and the one myth that I absolutely
think
um can be busted is the myth of The
Rainmaker
um yes there are some people who have
magical skills on a negotiation table
that just know exactly where to push and
pull to get the final deal closed but
um but sales is something that
absolutely can be demystified
um it doesn't take somebody who has
these mythical skills to do well sales
is uh sales can be a science it is an
art for sure but it can be a science
there are stages and processes that go
from an in early introduction and
generating interest to ultimately
getting to a close and um and so uh the
thing that I think is really exciting
about that is that anybody can be good
at sales and I think that's the other
big myth is that it's it's uh it's an
industry that is still very much has
changed a lot in the last 25 years but
you know it's still dominated by Men by
white men
and that doesn't have to be the case
sales is something that you know every
person can can learn to do and can be
good at because it takes it takes data
it takes being empathetic it takes
communication skills it takes
um you know getting Savvy with uh with
presentations with
um with um with data and I think all of
that is really exciting because those
are all things that you can break down
and learn
um to become you know that ultimate you
know top performer you know that
ultimate closer and it's not this this
mythical set of skills that you're
innately born with
lb
I think the one that always really gets
me is
um that sells folks or specifically
sales leaders are um like independent
operators out there uh for their own
best interests I think that
um the vast majority of
individual contributors
are there especially I feel like in this
current Workforce generation are there
yes to do really well and certainly make
great money and earn the president's
Club ticket Etc but I do I do really
believe that a lot of them are are also
motivated to see the company be
successful to see their peers be
successful and I think you can also
cultivate that culture and then as as a
sales leader
um one of the things that was really
instilled in me at LinkedIn is
um you actually don't want to show up as
a sales leader which also tells you
about some of the like pejorative
connotations of a sales leader you want
to shop as a business leader and so I
think the most successful sales managers
leaders are always showing up not
um to the table thinking about like
their own team's interests or how they
blow past their number but really always
in service of building the best most
sustainable efficient business possible
and
um you know to me that's that's always
been really important uh how I show up
as a as a leader I really want to be
known as a holistic revenue or business
leader not as someone who's going to be
protecting my my interest or my team's
interest ahead of the company
Erica
yeah I would say you know sales is very
strategic and I think like sometimes I
hear people talk about sales and not
that way and to me you know the best
reps and the best teams you know they're
really kind of like the CEO of their
territory they're like running a
business they're thinking about their
customers and their accounts in a very
strategic way and they're doing that by
engaging in a team sport as I mentioned
earlier like none of this happens with
one person
um it's everybody at a company across
many different functions that gets
things done for your customers and
that's very strategic you have to
connect a lot of dots the right dots you
have to influence you have to
collaborate well you have to actually
identify you know what's going to get
you over the line for customers and
that's very very strategic and so that's
what I would say that I think it's
underestimated
I guess one other quick I've never given
out a set of knives for second place
[Laughter]
all right last question and then we're
going to open it up to the audience
what's what's a piece of advice that you
would give yourself 10 years ago
anyone can take this one first I'd love
for all of you guys to answer
I'd say the biggest piece of advice I
would would give is kind of going back
to what I was saying before like there's
a part of being a sales leader that you
think it's just about the number and
don't get me wrong hitting the number is
pretty important
um but what I found to be more important
as the cro is how do I build and develop
a team and more importantly how do I
build and develop leaders
um you know I want all of my teams to
achieve the goals that they want in
their career and for me
you know sort of Shifting my focus from
just the deals and the number to then
shifting focus on the organization and
the leaders that we're building and the
skills that we were developing within
the team as being more important for the
future success of the business and
frankly more important for the future
success of those individuals
um and so that's really something I feel
like I wish I knew that earlier because
then I could really kind of focus on you
know the areas that that we're going to
make the most that we're going to have
the highest amount of Leverage and the
most amount of impact
um is is sort of understanding the the
people aspect and um and cultivating
that
I cheer two things so one just to
reinforce
um I think taking the opportunity to
have intellectual curiosity on what is a
overall healthy you know financially
sustainable business look like
um
better understanding Marketing in and
out 10 years ago
um learning the differences of how epd
teams communicate and work and the
language that's you know innate to those
teams and how to Be an Effective partner
at bringing product feedback at scale
and in Quantified ways to those teams so
really having more intellectual
curiosity around the cross-functional
elements would be one and then the
second
I I think so much of this job comes down
to how effectively you can communicate
at different altitudes in really knowing
um how to resonate whether you're in a
board meeting or a senior leadership or
exec team meeting or with your directs
or the broader organization or the
broader company and so just really
um continue to be intentional about
developing those skills and thinking
through how to tell you know the right
stories and the right narratives across
the right audiences
yeah mine like thinking back on the
careers maybe more broad I would say
um
early in my career I feel like it was
often said like you'll work hard and
you'll get recognized and you know 20
plus years ago you know I kind of took
that to mean like be quiet and be
patient and your time will come
and I think you know how I've ended up
where I am today is because there have
been points in time where I couldn't do
that and didn't do that and I had to ask
for something ask for an opportunity
because I could see where I could have
an impact and that changed my trajectory
um and I have a friend like a very wise
person I worked with for a long time
that she has a really good analogy for
it it's sometimes there's not at a seat
at the table but you need to pull up a
chair and I think it's just like
recognizing you can do that and picking
those opportunities
um you know can change your career
trajectory and you know did for me you
know to end up to where I am today
I love that image of just like oh I
don't have a seat at the table my kids
know how to do this they're just like
drag chair across and like sit
themselves down where their parents are
look these are three growth stage sales
leader who've created an incredibly
meaningful outcomes for the companies
I've worked for I'm going to open up the
questions to the audience now this is
your chance to get to ask them anything
got one one Brave person walking up oh
two great people
first of all thank you for all of that
um my question is where do you go to
continue your own personal and
professional development are there
certain podcast books things you are
really interested in because I find for
myself it's hard to keep up with all the
martech all the changing patterns Trends
and it's sometimes like information
overload and so just curious where you
guys go to kind of continue your
professional development
uh for me I'm a I love podcasts so like
I will consume a lot of podcasts and I
try to pick things that like are
relevant for that particular time like
oh I'm struggling with this piece like
how do I think about these benchmarks or
you know whatever it may be and so I
consume a lot of podcasts and then
um it's been great I've met two other
fabulous three fabulous women leaders
um you know I lean on my network a lot
of just like picking the brain and like
having a few of those thought partners
that when I've got something meaty on
the docket that I can go to that just
have a different set of experiences or
have lived through it
um so those are my two podcasts and then
my my network
I was gonna say I think um there's a
couple thought leaders in the space
um that I try to follow and and kind of
intentionally seek out
um and whether I agree with all of their
thoughts and theories or not it's a
great way to kind of challenge myself on
my own philosophical beliefs and how
they play out I'm also a big believer in
networks actually Jane and I met through
a networking group for kind of women
Revenue leaders and then I also am a big
believer that learning comes from all
different directions in the role that
you're in I often feel like
I get these inspirational moments with
like my directs or people on my team
cross-functional partners and so
um I think sometimes there's a
misperception that you can only kind of
learn top down and I've been a I have
been a big beneficiary of learning from
a ton of different people at all
different levels that I've worked with
and and finding inspiration moments
um across all different levels as well
I'll put a plug there's a great podcast
called grit and it comes from Kleiner
Perkins and they do a great job of
interviewing different sales and
Business Leaders CEOs and it's really
all about talking about their tough
moments
um so in a lot of ways I feel like that
those are the best learning moments not
through their successes but through the
mistakes and the things that they've
learned
next question come on up
hi my question is about
um cro
compensation structure are there any
best practices between base salary and
how much do you guys all make
thanks
um so
um maybe I'd answer this in a few
different ways I think
um variable versus base really will
depend on stage of company
um how you and your leader talk about
uh the job and what's important in the
job and kind of you know set up that
structure
um and uh probably also vary on you know
cro can be wide-ranging in terms of you
know um whether you're running sales or
whether you have broader
um you know functional remit
um I would say traditionally it's going
to be anywhere between 50 50 to you know
80 20
um depending on all of those different
factors
um I would definitely advise
um figuring out how to get benchmarking
so that you can show up as a you know
credible partner in an interviewing
process
um and and like be a thought partner to
whoever the hiring manager is and and
advocate for yourself in a very data
driven way
um that's something I I started doing
the last couple of years and have have
benefited from
as CEO I wouldn't want my head of sales
to have anything less than let's say
half a point of equity right you ideally
I want them to have like a whole point
of equity or more
next question
I um founder of Market tricks so my name
is eurosha so basically I have seen
throughout uh in terms of sales teams
joining in uh the the point where they
close the first deal right that's a
point where they get the most of
confidence right and then where they
start driving things forward right so as
sales leaders like you know what sort of
advice would you have so that we can
push the teams to get to that point as
soon as possible
honestly my voice is in a lot of ways
honestly just do what you can to get
them to that first point I think that
they're that getting to a new hire or
new sales team I mean for a new company
like getting your first win is there's
it's not just important for the revenue
but it's important psychologically it's
important for their confidence and
there's a lot of ways in actually
whenever I build onboarding programs we
get time to First deal as being one of
the key data points that we track
um and for me it's about just getting to
the first deal so I don't care if the
discount rate is double what it should
be or if you know it's it's a really
small deal but what matters is that you
get that first win because that will be
the watershed moment for all the other
great wins that come behind it so my
advice is whatever it takes to get your
team to getting that person to their
first deal I mean within reason but I
would really push that to uh to try to
get that
the only thing I might add there is
um there's a fine balance between uh
protecting your brand by having someone
ramped enough to be able to well
represent your company whether they're
doing Discovery or a demo Etc but then
there's a onboarding program that's just
like too long where you're not getting
someone like out there in the water
learning how to swim and so really
spending time with your leaders thinking
through that right balance because you
don't want to like throw someone on the
phones day one and create a bunch of
like really crunchy moments from a brand
perspective but you and create like a
bad customer experience but I think if
you wait too long you can actually
inhibit that confidence building moment
and I also believe some of the best
learning just comes from making some
small mistakes and learning on the job
getting those tough questions and then
you know committing to like I'm gonna go
find that out and never have to Circle
back to a prospect or customer again
I'm so tickled that Jack is standing
there waiting to ask this question I've
got a question yeah
Hi and hi Tracy
um hi everyone I'm curious to hear about
um how you think about your role as like
the first team sort of as part of the
exec team versus your role as like a
revenue leader and
um in general there's like a lot of
points where you're going to be in these
decision-making rooms when you're
sitting there with like the CEO that had
a product head of people where you're
going to realize that a decision is
going a Direction that's not maybe
helpful to like sales this quarter or
even this year and I'm curious what your
mentality is in those situations when
you're in the company sort of leadership
seat sort of like a generic general
c-level leader relative to just being a
sales leader and maybe like was there a
moment in your career when you flipped
from I'm a director of VP to now I'm
actually like really a company Steward
is it always a balance do you always
take the side of like I'm just going to
speak for sales how do you balance it
wow that's a good one yeah I mean I
guess for me like I really do think
about that executive team as the first
team
um and I feel like I really internalized
that over the last few years I don't
know that there was a moment
um but I think a series of moments where
I realize you know only having my sales
hat on leads you astray like you make a
product decision an epd decision you
know to Fast Track something that you
really shunt of if I had my sales only
hat on right and I was putting pressure
like we need this thing we need this
thing to come out and it's not the right
decision for the business or for epd
um yeah so for me I think it's like I
really think of the exact team as the
first team I think my responsibility to
my Revenue leaders is creating an
environment in which they are their
first team and that enables them when
something goes against sales or
something they maybe don't like that
they can help each other figuring out
what do we have to shift in whatever
that direction may be and how do we all
band together to you know figure out our
new path
I think
um it is absolutely imperative that in
any of these roles you're part of your
executive team first and that is your
first team
um and I think this this plays into
um a lot of what I believe
philosophically which is you actually
don't want to show up as a quote-unquote
sales leader you want to show up as a
business
and make sure that everything that
you're doing
um is uh very clearly in the service of
building a strong sustainable unified
business
um and I think you know as a sales
leader a revenue leader go to market
leader you should care as much about
efficiency as the CFO and they should
care as much about growth and culture as
as you do and that to me that's a sign
of a really effective executive team and
I also think there are moments where
because of your heritage your history
your background you are also obligated
to make sure that the executive team
lands in the right place by bringing
forward your knowledge which may look
like advocacy but you're simply bringing
um forward information or perspective
that actually may help the company land
in the right place so I think it's
balance I think you want to show up as
exec team first business leader and you
also don't want to go so go with the
flow that you're not actually bringing
those moment sense of Truth on
you know those friction points
um so it's a balance
Erica lb Jane you guys are awesome thank
you so much for being here today with
all of us and thank you for the audience
for joining us today too thanks
thank you